Removed text referring to jpsm and fixed typos. (#474)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/stencil-docs/installing-stencil-cli/stencil-cli-options-and-commands.md

</div>

> This article is a comprehensive command reference for Stencil CLI (BigCommerce's powerful theme development and deployment tool). For installation instructions for your OS, see [Installing Stencil CLI](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/stencil-docs/installing-stencil-cli/installing-stencil). For more information on BigCommerce's Stencil Theme Engine, see [About Stencil](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/stencil-docs/getting-started/about-stencil). Continue reading below for detailed information on each Stencil CLI command and option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This article is a comprehensive command reference for Stencil CLI, BigCommerce's powerful theme development and deployment tool. For installation instructions for your OS, see [Installing Stencil CLI](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/stencil-docs/installing-stencil-cli/installing-stencil). For more information on BigCommerce's Stencil Theme Engine, see [About Stencil](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/stencil-docs/getting-started/about-stencil). Continue reading below for detailed information on each Stencil CLI command and option.

```

<!-- theme: warning -->

### Authentication Errors

> > If you receive an `Unauthorized, please use a valid username/token` error, authentication has failed. Check the API token supplied is correct. For more information on creating store API accounts and generating tokens, see [Obtaining Store API Credentials](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/stencil-docs/installing-stencil-cli/live-previewing-a-theme#step-3-serve-live-preview).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you receive an `Unauthorized, please use a valid username/token` error, authentication has failed. Make sure the API token you supplied is correct. For more information on creating store API accounts and generating tokens, see [Obtaining Store API Credentials](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/stencil-docs/installing-stencil-cli/live-previewing-a-theme#step-3-serve-live-preview).

```
